Aury's pedantry (#151)
j3-fortran/generics: J3-Papers/edits/24-165_requirement.txt

NOTE 2

>     Within a nested template, a host-associated deferred argument appearing as
>     an instantiation argument in a REQUIRE statement does not give it
>     specifications. See tt.2.2.1.

Author: ```suggestion
    An instantiation argument that appears in a REQUIRE statement is only given
    an ultimate specification if it is a deferred argument of the scoping unit in
    which the declaration appears. See tt.2.2.1.
```
